Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to continue for real stops.
So we're going to have the hot Scots of Watson.
Okay.
Not to do that, I will need to go back to our visa code and then the detailed directory and then the
detail page.
Okay.
And now we can use control and B to make this way.
Now the last lecture we have the rural right and the reason is that we want to have our widget displayed
horizontally, that is from left to right.
And the first child of the row is a column widget, right?
Because we want to add it says court price and it put up price and we want both widgets to be displayed
vertically.
That's from top to bottom.
Right.
Okay.
So we are going to come out from this column widget.
You know, that's one of the hotspots over here, right?
Okay.
So attaching a comma first and level of comfort from this column widget.
Now we're going to be using the blockchain known as the elevated.
Bottom.
Okay.
Is going to take the oppressed so we can make them function empty for now.
Now the child is going to be a role.
You're going to see why it's going to be a role.
It's going to be a role which adds.
And as you know, the rule can take multiple widgets or it has to do it.
Okay, now use country and that's to save for us and go check it out.
You didn't see over here.
Okay, now what we can do is we can wrap this elevator box in an expanded which at sea take the available
space.
Okay.
Control and guts.
Now, since we don't have the widget list that year, we're going to go for the wrap widgets from the
wrap, this week's elevated elevated said.
Okay.
So he.
Not elevated, but as Pandit responded.
Okay.
So is going to make this bottom take the available space.
Can I go check it out?
Okay.
You can see now what we can then do is.
Well, what is what's and we can't wrap it with the container and give it a height.
So is control and that's wrapped with container.
Okay.
We're going to give the bus to the heights.
So.
Sorry.
Sorry, sorry.
Okay.
Of higher heights.
Of 60.
Okay.
Now.
So for that East culture and that's safe and good.
Check it out.
Okay.
Now you're going to see the need for this rule widgets.
So the next thing we are going to do is over here.
We'll have a test and lawyers are going to have an icon.
Widgets.
Okay, so that was why we knew we needed to use this rule.
So although you're the first child.
It's going to be a test which is just going to say hard to cut.
Right.
It's kind of true and excessive.
We can as well as just check it out first.
You can see the way it became.
I was tiring.
There's no tests, I.
And again can give me font size of 20.
Original cover and go check it out.
Okay.
And.
This is the first with jets.
The second jets.
It's going to be an icon.
Widgets.
It's going to be.
It's going to be high class.
Dutch champion.
On this score that's in reality, on the scorecards, on the score line.
Okay.
Ed Coma.
Ed Coma and use control and save.
Okay.
You can see the value that we can give so space between this advocates this and this I combatives relative
to the civil rights.
Okay so we can now excise books.
Sized with the size books, we are giving the space horizontally.
So it is going to be weights of probably ten to see how they're going to look like first.
Yes.
I have to keep checking it out to.
Once you have your test.
Okay, they're going to need to give some space between this and this.
Okay.
So.
Just pondered.
Okay.
So that we can then harvest books as well.
Says works.
Of.
So it is going to be weeks of 15 year touring and youth culture and a.
Okay.
Great.
Now, we can't give sauce tie to this.
Okay.
Now, why this elevator button, this elevated bottom, has a property known as Ty.
We can then see elevated.
Elevated boats in the sky.
From.
Okay.
Now, the first thing we can do is we can have some rounded ship so we can't see a ship is going to
be rounded.
Rounded rectangle border.
Okay.
You can then give them whatever videos it is.
This is going to be what?
Our videos.
What are videos?
The sick or 15?
They're just looking to see who's going to look like, okay, you're in a coma and hold your true coma
and use control and save.
Okay.
Great.
And what we can also do is.
Over here.
We can't move the elevation.
We can see elevation, the elevated.
So we've seen the star from think it has a property known as elevation.
You can see zero.
Okay.
Not much difference.
We can observe how the trail como layer.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we can change the colour of this button.
Now, this property as well, that is this Thai elevated button, those type from has a property known
as primary.
Okay.
You can see color starts.
BLOCK okay.
Okay.
Great.
And once again, as well as we can take this to the media.
Okay.
So what is wrong with Jets?
You can't say.
I mean, as I said, I mean, us is.
Alignments.
The center.
Okay.
Great.
Now, you don't need to worry too much about this.
The shot description writes In your future and I have this shot, this is going to be very long.
And what you can then do is we can make this space scrollable.
Right?
So in future, we're going to do that.
We're going to make the space scrollable because we're going to be having a very long, productive discussion.
Okay.
So for now, we can just go with this.
We can check this out.
Okay.
Check for this.
Okay, great.
So that's good.
Right now, if we do understand, you can let me know.
So I try my best to then try my best to explain the for you.
Okay.
We can see we can just increase the price.
Fonts.
To see and see.
Okay.
In this lovely.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.